Adding instructions on how to enable autocomplete (#252)
HPInc/ml-git: README.md

git config --global user.email "your_email@example.com"
```

2 - **OPTIONAL CONFIGURATIONS** 

> - 2.1 - Some ML-Git commands have a wizard to help you during their execution. These commands have the ```--wizard``` option to enable this wizard. However, you can configure the wizard to be enabled by default on all supported commands by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2.1 - Some ML-Git commands have a wizard to help you during their execution. Those commands have the ```--wizard``` option available to enable this wizard. However, you can configure the wizard to be enabled by default on all supported commands by running the following command:
```

Author: This and other suggestions were applied in [740ffe9](https://github.com/HPInc/ml-git/pull/252/commits/740ffe9ad599e9a8891a9ddbd7d0b4ea15f5a7f7).

    ```
    ml-git repository config --set-wizard=enabled
    ```

> - 2.2 - You can also enable the autocompletion of commands and options. For that, take a look at the following link [ML-Git Shell Completion Support](docs/shell_completion_guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2.2 - You can also allow commands and options to be autocompleted with a TAB key press. For that, take a look at the following link [ML-Git Shell Completion Support](docs/shell_completion_guide.md).
```
